ci: Add GH workflow to validate PR titles follow Conventional Commits. (#121)
y-scope/yscope-log-viewer: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
Set the PR title to a meaningful commit message that:
- follows the Conventional Commits specification (https://www.conventionalcommits.org).
- is in imperative form.

> Template:
> <type>[optional scope]: <description>
> fix: Don't add implicit wildcards ('*') at the beginning and the end of a query (fixes #390).

Reviewer: I think it's fine to let users figure out the exact format from https://www.conventionalcommits.org listed above, or we should probably explain what an "optional scope" is here as well.
```suggestion
Example:
fix: Don't add implicit wildcards ('*') at the beginning and the end of a query (fixes #390).
```
